```Chair, will that's over to you. Thank you, Matt. Good morning and welcome to the May 14th Oregon Tourism Commission meeting. To everyone that has joined us on zoom into those watching the recording on travel organs industry YouTube channel. Thank you for taking the time to be with us. Today's agenda can be found on the travel organ industry website. If you'd like to follow along. We ask that all attendees other than commissioners remain muted and with their camera off. Commissioners, I'd like to acknowledge that in holding a meeting today, we met all public meeting notice requirements required by state law. On Tuesday, May 12th, the commission meeting notice was posted to the commission meetings webpage. Notice was sent through our industry communications and a link to the meeting agenda was posted. I'll ask our commission members to introduce themselves starting with commissioner de novo. Good morning, we send a de novo director of sales and events at coquel casino resort, who's Bay and that bird. Really happy to be here. I'm really happy to be one step closer to the process. And I can't thank hydrogen struggles enough they continue just to be so wonderful and so supportive through this process. So thank you to Jackie Molly and team for and a list that for all of your work. We appreciate it. Thank you. Mr. Gremels. Thank you, Greg. It's a great pleasure to be here. I'm David Gremels, commissioner at large residing in Medford, Oregon, founder of road creamery and churn and following passions of agritourism and sustainability and food. Of course, it's a pleasure to be here. Thank you. Mr. Hill. Good morning. Good morning. I'm Heather Miller general manager of overnight accommodations and community engagement at the ground in Arlington, Oregon. Thank you. Commissioner Pearson. Morning. I'm Heather Miller general manager of overnight accommodations and community engagement at the ground in Arlington, Oregon. Commissioner Pearson. Morning Nick Pearson. I'm the general manager of the Jupiter hotel in Jupiter next in Portland and owner of the motor lodge in Pendleton. Thank you. Commissioner row. Good morning. I'm Jennifer row. I own an operate credit like zip line in climate falls, Oregon. Super excited for next steps. And I'm chair will it. Over in sunny sisters, Oregon. And manage. And enjoy managing five time lodges. We saw. We are also joined today by our D O J representatives. So, so via cram and. There you go. D O J labor and employment. I'm happy to help advise the commission on as they're going through this exciting recruitment process. And our team at. At hydrogen struggles, Jackie, would you take a moment to introduce yourself? Sure. Hi everyone. I'm Jackie Zavitz. I'm the lead partner with the team from hydrogen struggles. We're an international executive search firm assisting the commission in their recruitment of the next executive director of travel Oregon. Thank you so much. And before we move on to the made item and action on the agenda. I want to take a moment again to acknowledge the impressive candidates. We have met throughout this process in our search for the next travel Oregon executive director. This process has been lengthy and thorough for all parties involved. From D O J the hydrogen struggles, the commissioners, and of course, the candidates. These moments are also not easy. We have the fortune of so many. We have the fortune to meet so many talented applicants each who brought different perspectives and capabilities that will be valuable in advancing the mission of the agency in it in its next phase. I want to make it clear that even though we must narrow the candidate pool today that all the candidates have contributions that would benefit Oregon. And I hope sincerely that for the candidates that do not advance that if there is an opportunity to collaborate or work with travel Oregon that those doors remain open. Thank you. Earlier today, pursuant to ORS 1 9 2 6 6 0 2 a the commission met an executive session to consider the employment of a public officer employee staff member or individual agent. No decision or action was made in executive session. Are there any comments before we take a motion? Thank you. After interviewing candidates and application of veterans preference and other applicable law, I'm looking for a motion to advance the following candidates to the next interview round. In alphabetical order by last name, Kavni Dugan, Stacy Shaw and Kate Sinner. So moved. Second. Thank you. Given the virtual may given a virtual the virtual nature of this meeting, we will take a roll call vote. Please say I or may on approving these candidates to move to the next interview round. Ms. Neredunova. I. Ms. Nered Brownells. I. Ms. Nered Hill. I. Ms. Nered Miller. I. Ms. Nered Pearson. I. Ms. Nered Rowe. I. And I. Greg Wilitz. Mr. I as well. The motion to approve these candidates to move to the next interview round is approved. Thank you. The commission will hold executive sessions and public meetings in the coming weeks to move forward in the hiring process. All executive sessions and meetings will be noticed according to state law. I also want to take a moment and reiterate. Our gratitude to all the candidates who participated in this process and my enthusiasm for the next phase of the process. We have an excellent slate of talent and I'm very excited to meet in our next round of interviews so that we can make the best choice for this agency. And for the state of Oregon. With that, we are adjourned. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.```
