Chair, I'll turn it over to you.

Thank you, Matt. Good morning and welcome to the May 14th Oregon Tourism Commission meeting. To everyone that has joined us on Zoom, and to those watching the recording on the Travel Oregon industry YouTube channel, thank you for taking the time to be with us. Today's agenda can be found on the Travel Oregon website if you'd like to follow along. We ask that all attendees other than commissioners remain muted and keep their cameras off.

Commissioners, I'd like to acknowledge that in holding a meeting today we met all public‑meeting notice requirements required by state law. On Tuesday, May 12th, the commission meeting notice was posted to the commission meetings webpage. Notice was sent through our industry communications and a link to the meeting agenda was posted.

I'll ask our commission members to introduce themselves, starting with Commissioner De Novo.

Good morning. I'm De Novo, Director of Sales and Events at Coquille Casino Resort. I'm really happy to be here, and I'm one step closer to the process. I can't thank Hydrogen Struggles enough; they have been wonderful and supportive throughout this process. So thank you to Jackie, Molly, and the team for all of your work. We appreciate it.

Mr. Gremels, thank you, Greg. It's a great pleasure to be here. I'm David Gremels, commissioner at large residing in Medford, Oregon, founder of Road Creamery and Churn, and I follow passions of agritourism, sustainability, and food.

Commissioner Miller, good morning. I'm Heather Miller, General Manager of Overnight Accommodations and Community Engagement at The Ground in Arlington, Oregon.

Commissioner Pearson, good morning. I'm Nick Pearson, General Manager of the Jupiter Hotel in Portland and owner of the Motor Lodge in Pendleton.

Commissioner Row, good morning. I'm Jennifer Row. I own and operate a zip line in Clackamas Falls, Oregon. I'm super excited for the next steps.

And I'm Chair, Will [Last Name], based in Sunny Sisters, Oregon, and I manage five lodges.

We are also joined today by our DOJ representatives from the Labor and Employment division.

Jackie, would you take a moment to introduce yourself?

Sure. Hi everyone. I'm Jackie Zavitz, lead partner with the team from Hydrogen Struggles. We're an international executive search firm assisting the commission in the recruitment of the next Executive Director of Travel Oregon.

Before we move on to the main item and action on the agenda, I want to take a moment again to acknowledge the impressive candidates we have met throughout this process in our search for the next Travel Oregon Executive Director. This process has been lengthy and thorough for all parties involved—the DOJ, Hydrogen Struggles, the commissioners, and, of course, the candidates. These moments are also not easy. We have the fortune to meet so many talented applicants, each of whom brought different perspectives and capabilities that will be valuable in advancing the agency's mission in its next phase. I want to make it clear that even though we must narrow the candidate pool today, all the candidates have contributions that would benefit Oregon. I sincerely hope that for the candidates who do not advance, if there is an opportunity to collaborate or work with Travel Oregon, those doors remain open.

Earlier today, pursuant to ORS 192 660‑02(a), the commission met in an executive session to consider the employment of a public officer, employee, staff member, or individual agent. No decision or action was made in executive session. Are there any comments before we take a motion?

Thank you. After interviewing candidates and applying veterans’ preference and other applicable law, I'm looking for a motion to advance the following candidates to the next interview round, in alphabetical order by last name: Kavita Dugan, Stacy Shaw, and Kate Sinner.

So moved.

Second.

Given the virtual nature of this meeting, we will take a roll‑call vote. Please say “aye” if you approve these candidates to move to the next interview round.

Ms. Neredunova—aye.
Ms. Nered Brownell—aye.
Ms. Nered Hill—aye.
Ms. Nered Miller—aye.
Ms. Nered Pearson—aye.
Ms. Nered Rowe—aye.
Greg Wilitz—aye.

The motion to approve these candidates to move to the next interview round is approved.

The commission will hold executive sessions and public meetings in the coming weeks to move forward in the hiring process. All executive sessions and meetings will be noticed according to state law. I also want to take a moment to reiterate our gratitude to all the candidates who participated in this process and my enthusiasm for the next phase. We have an excellent slate of talent, and I'm very excited to meet with them in our next round of interviews so that we can make the best choice for this agency and for the state of Oregon.

With that, we are adjourned. Thank you.
